Update Auto Close Help Text (#151)
infostellarinc/stellarcli: docs/stellar_satellite_open-stream.md

### Options

```
      --accepted-framing strings   Framing type to receive. One of: IMAGE_JPEG|FREE_TEXT_UTF8|WATERFALL|BITSTREAM|AX25|IQ|IMAGE_PNG
      --correct-order              When set to true, packets will be sorted by time_first_byte_received. This feature is alpha quality.
      --debug                      Output debug information. (default false)
      --delay-threshold duration   The maximum amount of time that packets remain in the sorting pool. (default 500ms)

>       --enable-auto-close          When set to true, the CLI will close after receiving all of the plan's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --enable-auto-close          When set to true, the CLI will close after receiving all of the stream data, identifiable by the stream end message.
```
